Profile hardware -  Draft Hardware Profile Submission (#947)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Properties/actionEndTime.md

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# actionEndTime

> ## Summary
> Property that describes the time at which a action stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Summary

Property that describes the time at which an action stops.
```

> ## Description
> buildEndTime describes the time at which a action stops or finishes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Description

Property describing the time at which an action stops or finishes.
```

Was refer to "buildEndTime" (but this is an "actionEndTime").
Now using the sentence structure similar to `actionStartTime`.

> 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

Use only one blank line to separate sections.

SPDX-License-Identifier: Community-Spec-1.0

# actionEndTime

## Summary

Property that describes the time at which an action stops.

## Description

Property describing the time at which an action stops or finishes.

## Metadata

- name: actionEndTime
- Nature: DataProperty

> - Range: /Core/DateTime

Reviewer 2: Do not include same namespace.
